Hodr Frigg Lance Krishna
Baldr Óðinn Freyr Apollo
	         Table
Thor Poseidon Hades Amaterasu
Hera Gilgamesh Artemis 
"oh everyone has arrived, as they said time is relative." Loki made the meeting quiet and every eyes on him. "what an arrogant gods not assigning a seat for me?"
"you are uninvited and don't deserve one" Thor.
"Óðinn, do you remember in bygone days, we mixed our blood together? You said you would never drink ale, unless it were brought to both of us."
"Baldr as punishment for your failing marriage, pursue daughter of King Gevar."
"as you wish, father." Baldr leave his seat, Loki then take that seat. 
"bring me the famous mead, not this baby milk."
"is giving a seat and mead not enough to shut your mouth from speaking ancient past?"
"why is your kid have half-assed shape shifted eyes, did you blow up his eyes or something? the kid sure has quite talent."
"husband please continue the meeting."
"quit insulting her, a low life have no right to." Freyr
"you sure Freyr? i think she is more dirty than me, slept not only Óðinn but his brothers even Vanir too, i suprise Poseidon didn't come and join the party."
"cutting your tongue would be as easy as you spouting those lies!"
"enjoy your calm life knowing that i didn't took the same oath Hermes has to not lying."
"shut your mouth or i will use Mjornir to shut it!"
"you mean the gauntlet going to shut me?"
"why you even here, you just talk shit to us."
"yes, unlike Allfather who has favorite child, i hate all of you equally!"

"hideous look but very useful, welcome to Underworld!"
"i thought Demons love living here."
"if we love it why we need to be banished from Heaven first, it's cope from Demons to not looks defeated, bragging you're Lord of this land brings nothing but shame."
"Mistletoe, the only thing your mother fail to swore for Baldr." Höðr, "Ragnarok is coming."
"Fallen, not Thunder God and a blind man."
"shut up!"
"why take it as insult? wear those insults as titles! nothing stopping you being an heir, you don't have to keep being your brother's shadow."
"Satan. The Adversary. Prince of Darkness. Such titles mean little to me. For I am the one who waged war against the Almighty. I am he who rebelled against His wishes and demands. He whose power shook the very throne of God and set the plains of Heaven ablaze with my flames."
"what a liar, you and Hades trick Eve to eat Forbidden Fruit, and Cain to kill his brother, now me?"
"A liar am I? that's offensive. Those who bestowed upon me title of 'Prince of Lies' are Biblical authors and the God-praising fools. I am no deceiver nor trickster of any sort."
"it just cope."
"wow, once you made Cain want to stay in Hades, it's also a trick." Absolute: Mark of Cain: Father of Murder Undeath & Vice of Cain
"I was Óðinn's drinking friend before that clay doll born, i tasked using power of light and fire to weave suns and stars which earned me title 'Morning Star'."
"before Aesir-Vanir war, people of Asgard is called Angels with wings we rules the Sky, now Vanir who rules those."
"Michael was destined to kill me" how Loki calls Thor
"Frigg's second mistake is... you're a demigod, Judas, Arthur's son."

"leave this fight to me, Cronos."
"facing the dark lord without divine weapon." Ares smiling then throw Blade of Chaos to Lancelot.
Hades bleed whole left hand by Axe samuraily, Axe can transform
"how is your mother?" silents... "what's wrong?"
"yes, Laufey died, very good taunting."
"hmm, Faye."
"Faye? you're her friend?"
"is she the reason you cause Ragnarok?"
"killing Thor sure is one of many reason i started this."

Karna lands in front Judas
"my prince, Bow that kill Unharmable, Longinus."
"Antichrist... bow that bleed 「Unharmable」, takes his absolute, Longinus... and holds Sun God."
With Archdemon Karna shots arrow of Sun.
Odin while walking, "Target Karna, obstacle Arrow."
"covers your ears!" Thor shout."
"Gungnir... Obliriated!"
Karna and Hodr run, "my prince bath yourself by the sun, i can run myself."
"bath yourself by the sun, enter battlefield at 12 o'clock." Light enterance=Karna 
"wait me finish, coward!"
"Target Karna, obstacle the Sun, Gungnir, Obliterate!"
Loss earing temporarily "RNAs cover your ears!" Force close Pro ears.
"shot Brain, Hades before they made a point."
"i take from you, Kavach. And withstanding it's massive noise, i take, Kandall."
Lightning... "Zeus---" Hades got shooted with Vijaya. 
"God damnit!" Odin scream out of mad. "cih!" Hades know Odin lossing Wrath Sin.
Karna hold its. "I'm nuts!"
Gohan on Lookout = Overpower waiting Sun raised 
"surrender your armor peacely, and i'll give you my second strongest weapon even after Heaven win."
"you don't fit speaking like Odin, Indra, but i might consider it before i outpowered Arjun."
"let us carve a legendary battle, show me what Baldr capable of." Thor
Eren pulls Reiner L hand, crack2 armor
Odin R Eye, Karna try go right, Odin go left, Karna gives critikal hit on Odin blind spot
"lemme debunk lie others told, i do strikes twice!"
Thor throw Mjornir, Karna shot easily pierced
Mjörnir cracked after hitting Kavach.
Mjörnir fully destroyed, it spit explosive wave, Karna finished, Thor snap calls Mjörnir, it's pieces become one and hit Karna armor, Mjörnir destroyed into pieces again, Thor snap calls again.
Thor hammer, Mjornir last crack shattered into pieces sends lightning throughout the battlefield. Karna who pushed away, stands, unlock all of his armor, chew Rosario and smiling.
"it was a good fight, Indra."
Thor who silent holding nothing but Mjornir's handle. As soon Karna nears Thor snaps calls Mjornir and smashed Karna again. 
"Nine Realms: All Area Release!" 
in that smash Thor put every strength he has, shatter back Mjornir not caused by Kavach but how hard he using it and destroy a hundred meter far grounds, shaking entire Heaven.
Thor destroy Underworld's right eye
Loki sense right eye is destroyed.
or Underworld's right eye now planted on Mjornir

"ganging up?! a god do so made me sick!"
Thor throw Mjornir, Leviathan stop it mid air, Thor walks counter-clockwise, Loki walks clockwise
"so many trouble you bring and now this, you're no war strategist, Loki, just a cheap god of trickster!"
Loki smiles "flattering me won't give you anything."
smashing moment, Thor win "Leviathan born to rival mine?! don't make me laugh! all that Axe do is going to kill it's owner for two generation!"
"Hah!"
"your weakness disgust me!" Thor smash Loki.
"avenging grandmother is also my duty." Karna, Loki spins.

Thor successfully takes off Karna armor but died in his seventh step before lands last attack "haha!"
"well done, son, i know you won't disappointed me." 
Karna wear gauntlet and call Mjornir, Odin stop it mid-air and destroy gauntlet he wore.
Hell ready to escape
Odin shot his undodgeable eyelaser, many Hell tried attacking the laser but the laser easily dodges them, keep going to it's target.
Frigg use her magic and made the laser to hit her, Frigg fall, Höðr tries to jump too, Karna holds him, the teleportation finish to happen.

Fenrisúlfr saves Judas from Odin.
"we die together, Indra!" Karna ready launch another python.
Loki throw Leviathan to Thor "save your brother, son!" 
"you're too weak for me, Loki!" 
"hah!" Loki smile back.

"i'll win this time, Brain!"
"God of Fate can peer into billions of timelines and never once find where you win!"

"may the lord forgives you, not my blade!"

Karna absolutely destroy Thor, Ares saves him
"Indra is no longer my enemy!"

"is your mother name is Faye? how is she?"
"a close friend of mom? enjoying her retirement."
Hades use Sins, Lancelot giggles.
"you won't be laughing anymore after taste my sin of wrath!"
Lancelot holds Wrath Sin and Leviathan.

"wake up! you made me fighting!"
Thor laser eye, throw hammer, kick "you expect me to use full force against a mortal?!"

"don't underestimated us!" 
"how rude, I'm full forcely destroying you."

broke his hand "Aghhh"

Frigg kick someone, send him inside Bifrost as soon kick happen, suddenly he came from back hit wall.

Odin enter=Vader speedwalking
"You were warned. Our great warrior running just some enemy marching!" 6th form, take down many DNA "Sorry sir we are not anti army!" 
"you will be wiser to fist your hand!" 
"You three, with every breath you did you insult your name, your father and our long lived family."

Hot Lava=black, throw organic bag moisty=firework, eruption/fire blow
JJK Domain Lava/JJBA2 Wamuu/Collosal heat/NS Yonbi/Yoton Rasengan/Mizukage/OP Akainu/BM Oven/ATLOK Lava
Dark use Aokiji Ice, Magma Akainu'd it, Light Ace'd "My element are far superior!"
"Brother the Light comes---"
"You dare?!" "Earth heat dare to compare itself to Sun heat?!" Magma terrified, Light loses it "Feel my Supernova!" Eyes glow Sunlight
"Earth's shape is decided by me!"  Flat Earth: Gravity, Black Hole loss, Light down/Sun is 32 miles 
"I control what universe is shaped, Dark Matter!" 

WW gauntlet meet=explode wave, energy blast, Alice flies

Nova & Magma God candidate tingling "you too, uncle?" "yeah, Sun and Underworld candidate." 
Hellfire enter proposal room.
Hellfire leave "Helheim would be tough."
"Underworld family your god is here!"

Thunder tingling "uncle Vili." hears that Odin walk to find Vili.
Moses walk using trident "Poseidon!" "Aaron!" "I can't believe you come by Zeus order"
"i come by yours brother."
Allfather comes "put aside our grievances for today, Vili."
"our? you're who rob my god positions!" Moses trident turns into snake.
"God of Sea, I'm your king, it's up to my decision who hold Gods are." 
"no need to use political words to explain your greediness, Ramesses."
"move, move it!" Hades push Moses forward.

Law no 1 current state view, things might happen on next seconds.

Satan Bull Ears, intimidating Snort

Wait: Light Sun/Thunder Sky: stopped by Force & destroyed Force

Dark' Ice=Sub Zero/Frost Giant freeze body to easily destroy it.

Mind Read + 10 Secret
FZ Lancer/Akuyaku "sorry, my King of Conquer blood spilled toward you."

Flower on hair: Female accomplishment: Misaka/Kokyuu

weapon exist: Sheath & summoned
Odin summon Gungnir=Gilgamesh' ground

Immune, Blocking Release, catching thrown Organ
Odin blocked Baldr side Release
Odin catched Gandiva arrows towards him

"cover your ears!" POV Force under head, cover Galahad ears, "Gungnir, Obliriate"
Karna 1Hand=NS - Sleeves cover hands
Moses Son=use Trident as help walker, 1Knee=2Legs, can't move 2nd Leg=MK 10

Skull: Gus/Two Face/Zombie IM

Kunti agreement active "stop son!" Galahad
Magni=No Hand, Hand exist=decoration but only use Leg=ATLOK

"stop holding back!"
"HHAAAHH!" "your jaw'll remember..."
"there he is, the guy who defeat my father!"

make shadow bird hand mimic=Wings

Movie: 2D talk "are you..." "you force me!" vs IRL: 3D "it's simple concept!" "i'm your father"

ZS JL Steppen raddle SFX=Karna

Sun Tzu: avoid strong, fight weak, avoid fight, arrogant<>weak, relax<>destroy them, unite<>seperate
"exploit their weakness!" "know your enemy!"
"out think your enemy not out fight them!"

"i'm the creative one here."
"it doesn't sound creative it sounds wrong."

Judas «Pride Sins» heartbeat: scares, lie
"use your super hearing, did my heartbeat fucked nears you?" Odin lips tighting of loss.
"i am the savior!"
"watch your tone, Satan, I, Christ Supernova, 
your worst enemy, first born of Allfather made me strongest than any in this room."
"gods power is beyond royal position."

Odin about kill Frigg "leave her, Odin."
"forgive Arthur my lord, but i wish you grant his wish."
Odin Merlin leaves "Arthur ..."
"your friend has shown his true nature, perhaps the the other one must as well." ~Freya quotes Baldr death
"what you mean?"
"those with high magic, Freya, Odin, Tyr can know I'm not from this world."
"hah?"
'Pantheon-01 is where i comes from to this land, Pantheon-04.'
'in this timeline that Odin created he...'
Odin comes to this Pantheon and kills original The One
i travel in here finds Hercules died during his labour and takes his role
'i learn how much pain Odin would gave thus i made duplication of myself, Frigg.' reading steiner: Tyr, Freya
'i'm honored of much grief you gave, brother.'
best chara: Flash vs Reverse
"how you can be so sure?"
"this Odin isn't curious over Ragnarok and able survived it, never loss golden apple, have his enemies as servant until showing his true nature. Myself in this world has been killed."

Odin have called back Mjörnir, "i have kill many who deserve and many who doesn't." and he hears a conversation between Lancelot and Arthur.
"I have killed the Olympians and Æsir gods and out all of them, Cronos and Odin in this world isn't what i know. My real name is Kratos."
Odin silented.

"my prince, bath yourself by the sun, raise it from the west."

Meeting laying down weapon
Thor placing Mjornir produce loud noise, Moses turn Trident into snake, Hades put off Helmet of Hell
 
"It may be good for the Table." 
"Betrayal isn't what Table are."

it means you're not got enough at art to not be put on a room over this
weak dialog "unlike "other chara name" i am like this" = it's viewer's job

"I hold Christ's power now, father, I'm more worthy than Thor."
"...LOW LIFE!"
"people who are gifted aren't worthy to judge me. Take off your sword and what are you, Freyr, i earn everything i achieve!"

"Kunti can gives birth avatar of gods she chose. She birthed avatar of me, Krishna."

"I surrender my heir, i chose to live with my people not rule in heaven."
"isn't Baldr so kind, he walks so all of you can run. He let men have a wife even though he can have all the women."

"I'm also a god!"

"Allfather blessed us by giving owner of Brahmastra, "" for Demons first born."
Arjun who holds it.
"And Karna..." Karna looks to Satan, "you're marrying Hel."
"why do we need to keep Odin's dumb tradition making you marrying your sister?"
"CAUSE YOU'RE A GOD! one percent human blood on you and you be useless! i dare you to insult your father and his father before one more time. I'm Odin's first born son, i supposed to be proudest but it was Zeus. Odin chose me Lord of Underworld to dispose me, i believe. I will prove him wrong by make you all my children better!"

GOT=Karna Arjun at shooting range
"hm, Kunti's blood serves you both well."
"i'll start." Kunti loss her archery skills.
Arjun the one who holds Brahmastra.
"as first born i must be the one hold the record." Karna.
"Cut your thumbnail, son." 
Hades throw knife. Arjun ready to catch, but catched by Karna first.
"Let me cut it."
"Huh!"
Karna walks towards Arjun. Arjun takes the knife.
"I trust your decision, father."
"hm."
Arjun takes deep breath then cut off his thumbnail. Kunti bandage his hand.

"father i wish for equality, Karna reached far cause of my disability, now I'm the one holds Brahmastra."
"what you demands."
"Karna must cut his finger!"
"if Antichrist loss his archery then i'll be the one holds Brahmastra." from outside court table Höðr.
"have my Vajra Aindrastra and be done with it."
"so many divines weapon but a terrible skill you have!"

"to start this great time i'll announce name of first born child of Thor and Hera is "Magni." Odin said.
"as expected, Magni birthed with new god position, the God of War."
Ares keep looking while Odin snap call Mjörnir, Ares curious, then try snap call Mjörnir, snap not make correct noise, try again
"uh!"
"haha, you can't son."
finally a snap sound succeeded.
"not now, Thor!"
Odin thought Thor called Mjörnir but it's Ares who wield it.
"hah..."
everyone silented by little Ares

"Father, i've develop super hearing."
"good job, father cripple his ears now!"
"what?"
"very well, Höðr, i consider you, said it."
"i demand heir by combat."
"don't speak killing your brother so easy, Höðr!" Baldr.
"easy to say for most favorited son."
"i'm your lord and savior!" Baldr turns Thor wine to water and purificating him, "brother, Höðr is lost from save, i can only ask you, win and to hold heir you don't have to kill Höðr.'
known information so far:
Höðr's ability:
- Angel bloodline: Super Hearing
Baldr's ability:
- Christ: water-wine manipulation

「Blood of the Unharmable」

"i know you consider sons are replaceable, but you must not allow this!"
"wrong, you and Thor are irreplaceable thus make rest of your sentence wrong."

"you killed Loki and chose Thor?!"
Joffrey & murders/Homelander & public 10M
"what happen with Army?"
"they think can take us down."
"someone insults and you threaten them?!"
"i will do whatever the fuck i can!"

known information so far:
Odin's ability:
Title: King of Gods
- Blade of Olympus: rules all Gods positions: neutralize Baldr Supernova, Thor Thunderstorm

"First Order what's the deal?"
"daughter can you shut your mouth?"
"sorry father, I'm just asking."
"and stupid questions exist, don't speak it."

Guardian of Midgard, Thor and King of Gods, Zeus are the same entity.

"father?"
"you have Baldr's blessing, Thor have mine."
team up=Höðr get holds Blade of Chaos
Höðr supporters, Angels House starts chorus, Odin eyelasers them. "Hah!"
Blade of Olympus thrown away, Thor run towards, in seconds a dark aura quickly passed him.
"Slow ass!"
"Tch!"
Odin throw Mjörnir to retrive the blade. Höðr frooze around the blade, then Odin callback Mjörnir but... it's stopped by a hold, hold by Höðr, the golden gauntlet is on him. Thor check, his right gauntlet is gone.
Thor takes the blade, Höðr outpower him with Blade of Chaos and Mjörnir.
"I, Odin Allfather, strips every holdings Ares have!"
Blade of Chaos becomes useless.

from sunlight Baldr... "Sunlight Supernova!" create a giant star blows it up creating a Black Hole.

Höðr holds control over solar system, first he shutdown the sun, it takes 8 minutes before entire world is dark, thus second he shutdown entire light, third light from arena fire.

Höðr run forward back attacking Thor, a sun blast hit arena ground smashed both Höðr, Thor, a person inside the blast, Baldr, release another two sun blast to them, Höðr and Thor attack back but easily outpowered both smashed to wall. Baldr cover with cloth and takes Víðarr body.

Baldr give God of Sun to Höðr, the mini Sun now hold by Höðr.
Thor throw lightning.
Höðr shutdown sun and take out all light in solar system, put the arena into night, a light shows it's Thor lightning goes fast to Höðr, Höðr use night' cold to freeze the lightning turns it into his weapon thrown to Thor.
"show yourself, coward!"
"hide yourself, idiot!"
"impressive all of your elements are pathetic."
"there's more actually!" "Ice Land!"
"Sunfire!"
Höðr shutdown sunlight, light around solar system and light in arena.
Thor smash Höðr to wall, light in arena back, Höðr shows fallen wings and fly, "damn." Thor can only see, Freya and Baldr suprised, Höðr can shutdown light again.
Höðr absolutely upperhand, hit by Olympus Blade.
hand-to-hand: Kakashi vs Obito call Chains & blade

"you think you can just come here and leave? show me your true nature, you're a destroyer like me!"
"Nonsense!"
"don't you hate can't feel anything?"
"I am a savior, I have no desire!"
"i wonder for how long?!"

Blade of Olympus easily outpower Black Hole, Höðr shutdown light, Thor in one slash neutralize the darkness smash Höðr to wall, in one blink Thor hit him by sword, Höðr push sword back from neutralize all his godly power. 

"Give up!"
Höðr throw Blade of Chaos to sky, "what." it keeps goes and hit surface of the moon.
"Hiah!" Höðr move the moon covering the sun and destroy each light source in arena with Blades. Solar eclipse "round two, God of Thunder!"

Freya rush towards Höðr, Odin throw Mjörnir to Freya, it's enchantment binds her to wall.
"Submit!"
"i rather die!"

"surrender!"
Odin comes down "why isn't he dead? are you talking? you don't talk, you destroy at my command!"
"I thought family comes first?!"
"you don't questions life! are you sober? who changes Thor's drink?!"
Baldr takes off Gungnir from Freya.
"it's Thor and Höðr fight, Allfather, you can't intervene!"
"you---" Baldr shows Gungnir shutted Odin, throw it to Odin, Odin leaves.
"I, Freya, leader of Vanir declare Höðr surrender! my boy..."
"i need a better dog."
from out screen Ares takes Blade of Chaos

"wear those insult as title."
"fallen and second twin, I am!" Judas shot the arrow
Judas shot, "Christ" "Judas" Christ didn't felt the arrow hit but Mistletoe clearly killing him. "you'll be a great leader!" "than---" Christ exhale his last breath without knowing he killed by Judas during his heir walks, shock everyone. Lucifer happiness see.
"Höðr!" Odin wakes from his Throne mad calls Sword Vali slice, stabs Höðr many times. Frigg heals Höðr. "father." Höðr walks past them with no remorse of what happen. "I, Höðr of Vanir, swore tobe heir for house of Vanir." "and as father asked, i'll combine Baldr power to mine."
"sit on that chair and you'll made Asgard your enemy!"
Odin take over Mjörnir from Thor, Mjörnir take all his godly power.

"by become heir of Vanir i promise..."
in the name of Thor Thunderstorm, King of Gods, Lord of Olympus, I, Odin Allfather, King of Humanity..."
"i'll reach Baldr's the one god level, Planet Busting manipulation!"
"no Odin, stops him!" the two brothers lays their hand off. Freya run to tries stop but pushed back by the two brothers.
"Lord of Three Kingdom, God of Thunder exiles Höðr Gargantua strips him of every god positions, claims of organs and mark him, as enemy of Asgard and all Supers."
"I," Judas tremble in fear, "Höðr of Vanir by being heir, i'll have claim as King of Warrior."
"Judas leave this kingdom!"
Freya take Judas runs to another Kingdom, Lucifer see the Bifrost, smirk "Let the Bifrost in!" letting the mother and son in.
"Lord Satan." Lucifer inform.
Satan who sitting on Demon Lord throne, "you really are a reliable Demon Lord commander, Lucifer, Hell will conquer the Heaven!"
Satan, Lucifer in same room, both feel ordered "you as well?"
"King of Humanity ordered all RNAs." Lucifer realize what it mean, talks while running, outside see a Bifrost, smiles. "let the Bifrost in!"

Odin damaged one of wings, eyelaser both=Eternals
Judas out his wings, Freya use Bifrost again.
Robert Mad="run back to your brother, Frigg, i'll put your entire parasite family's head on a spike!" screams while eyelaser the walls. Odin eyes bleeding.
the laser still follows Judas, Lucifer attacks, laser swoop and hit Judas wings.
"good job, Herc!"
"hah!" Lance angry.
"hehe." Arthur feel wrong, "what name you like me to call? from your mother maybe?"
"Kratos."

"Mordred." Arthur unsheathing his sword and go towards Odin, Lancelot smash him to ground through head, "you fucking idiot!"
Arthur vs Mordred

"we really appreciate your help, Poseidon." Hera.
"i'll give as much i have, show those who dirting gods houses." Moses.

Höðr wear Helmet of Hell.
Höðr shot Baldr brain, kills him instantly, Freya tries to heal.
as soon land, Höðr body destroyed by Bifrost speed, Freya heals him.