"touch!" "now we out from Baldr's eye and Odin's hearing." "mistletoe."
"i see Hells are here?" Arthur to Odin.
"celebrating Baldr coronation from far."

"i don't see any statue, guess tables can't even build it."
"we don't visualize ourselves."
"i build a statue of your messiah be grate---" statue destroyed by Hercules.

Odin Ashes scene=side angle Homelander watching movie stare>front angle mad laserbeam

Loki hit the trumpet see his side, Karna standing crossing arms.
"bring us victory, Commander Pride. Take Judas's Longinus." 
"Realm Expansion: Purgatory!" Batman hold Dr Fate Helmet
Raiden attack Traveler + FUBW Arrow = Karna out Helheim, block thunders, takes Longinus, Archer ground pose attack
Heaven and Earth shall split
Before my unavoidable lance
Die and be silent, Gungnir Strikes!
placement: left side Odin attack Freya Hodr, outside door is left side > Odin attacks failed Thor from side
"does my spear was a toy you can just throw?!"
"it's not, forgive me, allfather."
God of War/Vasavi Shakti "we know i'll be the winner. surrender your armor and i'll let you have my 2nd strongest weapon."

"I, Odin Allfather marks you as fallen god and sentence you to die." Arthur throw Excalibur.
"Leave Frigg, Odin!"
Odin kills Frigg in front Arthur
NS vs Sasuke final: sharingan SFX=Arthur dodge block everything 
"send Frigg's head to Hodr."
Arthur isn't present Hodr trial Thor, Hermodr death
"Leave!" Hercules stop Muhammad.
Arthur mimic hand fine "what news?"
"you still welcome to the tables."
"you can't trust gods, Arthur."
"it's not a good decision to have issue with someone who can lift your weapon."

"you know we shouldn't have Æsir and Vanir war anymore." Arthur to let Frigg leaves.
Æsir vs Vanir=FA theme & poster
"you are a better man by just being a talking head." Hercules.
"are you threatening me?"
"you right, i should've never trusted the gods, i made my sister's life and marriage miserable for a temporary peace." Arthur.

Odin quickly kills Hades army, "cih!" Hades attack Odin.
"that idiot!" Lancelot goes.

Hades uses Medusa
"this level of magic." Thor easily broke it.

Ape & transforms/Marley vs Eren > Armin transform

"never calls me Heracles anymore, Arthur, Hera didn't own me."

"meet Surtr i chose him as Keeper of Muspelheim."

"welcome, future Guardian of Asgard."
"Ennead can't support your claim to the throne, husband."
"it's alright, Apollo, we're now brother, all i wish is Ennead to not present during Apocalypse."

"All Area Release!!!" Karna armor retach back only left the eye. effect hit all, Britain use weapon to hold ex. Kratos Odin

'this smell similar to during Ragnarok.'

fake shot: hand > leg
Bachira two leg receive

Karna throw sun, Thor also
"Son you mad!" 
"it's now or never!"
Thor destroy Sun, Hodr rise, freeze whole land, Black Hole rebirthed "God of Darkness born."

Hodr charging "I need time!"
WW enter BVS = Karna "Finish them!"

"nothing to worry, my lightning kills before you sense pain."
"how bold, for someone in my manipulation range...! Realm Expansion: True Archangel!"
8 minutes have passed

"Realm Expansion: Rain of Titans."
DXD=Thor bleed Karna eye "Indra...! Loki let your blood that flows through me live, i who conquer the world, i world serpent!"=Rod Reiss transform, GOW Thor vs Jormugandr poster, Thor transform.

"Get salty, this is yours all area release!"
"none able to escape my storm!" Poseidon
"how cute!" Black Hole

"I am Infinite and Eternal, i am God of Time and Space, i creates all and also destroys all."
Vishnu tried persuade Arjun by takes multiple forms "Now i become Death, the destroyer of worlds."

Buddha/Godslap
"afterall god in of itself was wrong, we don't need such deity."
"no need to feel lost, i disagree with his teaching, God is just creator, isn't something we pray, it's only about bettering ourselves.".

"as fallen god, you need new name. I was Salel and now Satan, how about Lucifer, a trusted right hand of me, Lucifer Morningstar."
Hodr/Judas/Mordred/Lucifer Morningstar 

Hodr kill Christ "what are you smiling about?"
"enjoying the view."
"disgusting."

Arjun throw to Karna smash volley to Hodr "Nice smash!" Hodr put it on his mouth

Christ vs Antichrist "Light thinks itself the fastest being, the truth is ..." "darkness there first!" Barou brokes

GOW3 Gods standing = seeing Hodr saved by Hell: Zeus, Poseidon, Hermes, Apollo, Helios, Odin
"my children put aside our petty grievances over claim and position..."

Jamie=Ares encounter Hercules "How about a brotherly fight?"

-The Devil ◆ root of all evilness
-Allfather ◆ father to all Gods, Angels and Demons
-The first and the last
Satan refers people as "my child"
"the power of Christ comples you!"

"Ragnarok just begin." Hades activate Bifrost.

"any last word, brother?"
"ARES... defeat my enemy and my soul is yours!"
"wise decision, my sword, you have possessed the power of War God."
Höðr his skinny body now grow muscle and he feels tremendous power flows.
Thor mad at Ares gives Blade of Chain
"Magni! gods don't have free will!"
"i am my own master."

"impossible anyone should've had destiny."
"destiny, fate? things that control by gods? what are those?"

Thor died by Karna
"you gave it to this mortal? not even father's hammer to me?"
"you already hold a divine weapon."
"you talks about equality? we are gods. oh, this is a test, i kill him to prove my worthiness."
"quit your dellusion, i who birth gods, you don't speak for gods!"
"another Mjornir lifter?" Odin look at Thor.
"Arthur's sword has 10,000 Force, what's the big deal?"
"that's earn him his absolute, it's better not have Vanir as your enemy."
Muhammad land with Angel, guards stop, Muhammad open his eye.
"Protector of Midgard, sir."
"Hm?" everyone in the room thought it was Thor.

Odin lasers to Kratos hand
"father's tatoes looks good on you."

"Ares... give me one divine weapon and i shakes shakes the entire Olympus."
Kratos look at Arjun "Zeus!" chokes him.
"no, he wasn't Zeus, you may leave, Zeus at Olympus." Hades.
"so easy to escape underworld, Hades must be laughing stock in Olympus."
"apparently Allfather himself put you here."
"what's suprising? Cronos kills people he think a slight threat."
"All Odin kills wiped from existence before hands of death put them to underworld."
"this rank is taken!" Ares smile then laughing while looking to sky and covers his eyes. 
"now, swore your soul for more power."
Kratos wakes up from sitting.
"Tch!"
"Tell him, he is not safe while I walk the earth."
"i must, kill Odin and those who shares crime of killing my family and people in my hometown."
Kratos jump, in his grave a hand raises, "I'm alive, Cronos."

Helheim: Helmet of Hell, Sesshomaru=Excalibur cutting hands of death

KS magic spell appear together & spelling together pose ="Arjun!" both Karna Arjun

Arthur and Lancelot some of their hairs stands up... lightning strikes

Ares, Percival, Karna, Arjun, Krishna little
time skip 10 years later
Hodr finish training, Thor>Zeus hair

"that looks so evil."
"one time he asked me what could kill you, Baldr, i literally want to kill him at that moment."
"easy win for you, son."
"only look on feet, what's this nonsense."
"it becomes official after you made Giant daughter did it, Allfather."
Kunti eyes cover by cloth, "forgive me to appear like this."
"I'm also didn't want corrupt your judgement cause of my appearance."
every female will try have a glimpse everytime Baldr is around.
"as you know your uncle Hades faithful to his wife, marry him and you get to keep your virginity."

"if you really want her, why you didn't marry her."
"Zeus allow you to kidnapp Lady Persephone, but if it was me Thunderbolt will be my end."
"do everything by yourself, i will have no part in it."

have sitting there, god who always finds way to stop ragnarok, the one eyed king, Odin.
"Freyr, sound familiar."
"He is mother's brother."
Kratos forced to kill Heimdallr
"we have been ignoring Arthur after gaining enchanted weapon."
"enchanted pendant, not weapon, it can't damage me."
"now hear this out, Baldr, he chosen as Defender of Alfheim, Celtic joining the table, against our peace agreement."

"Allfather, your spirit son, Krishna."
"i'm an avatar not son."
"haha, teens not accepting they're son of their parent." 

Hermes/Jibril Messenger of Gods = Littlefinger/Varys

"quit whining i also fail got immortality"
"the difference between us is, Vegeta, i live longer to regret it."

"do not whistle me, I am not your dog."
"what you in return to be one? power? each one of this blade worth a divine weapon."
Ares boiled Lancelot blood so hard. Höðr listening nears them.

Magni "you have marked by the name of my father and his father before."
Magni keep metal the ground, Judas forced use Gods King, "your loss!" Magni near and push Mjörnir, jump far with electric on right hand linked to the hammer, pulling it, left hand metal ground.
"cool trick but you need finer weapon, cousin!" Magni. "i take Thunder God---" Magni choke Leonidas sword stab his right hand "state your name i'll put it on your grave by me!"  Force pushed back.
"Hercules, never loss title will be mine!"
Magni pulls Force face to hit Mjörnir "Guah!" the lightning make Force can't escape, keep attached to Mjörnir then Magni swing and swing him, throw him.
Magni throw Mjörnir vs Hercules throw Excalibur
"War between Two Kings, sounds hype."
Magni magnet back Mjörnir, Hercules use Steeth calls back Excalibur both hit each, Force both hand, Magni one hand, 
"feels like the legend, Odin against Arthur, except I'm the winner!" Magni start use other to push his hammer.
"your jaws'll remember my fist everytime you eat!" Force to Magni

Rushia "Horaa!"/Jiren English: "hoo"/Escanor "Huhh"

Mjörnir handle become longer, kick it vertically

Atlas/AOT=OP1 lift boulder from down/destroyed place cause the smash = TDK3 
NS Madara=POV OP2 throw above cloud down meteor by Sport throw with 2Hand handle
OP2 usap2 hand then jump to meteor, meteor stopped moving
Freeza whole body on meteor
DBZ Buu= OP2 hold Boulder -> Walking then Running
Superman vs Airplane = OP2 jump to Boulder
Hulk ground crack/Superman crack Airplane
Success hold it but OP1 come to lift it, OP2 hand shaking so hard, hard to handle 2nd attack 
BVS Supes chain pull Ship/IND TV 3Guy pull Airplane = At pulling boulder back OP1  
Light shaking when try stand

AOT AOT2 Thumbnail chain 1st building
Kratos Extra 2nd Attack = Hammer & Building Swirling it
Hulk1 Crush by things = Walls by BB
Hulkbuster put wall on Hulk animation
OP try move around by BB can move the wall so OP must crush it
AOT E1 Wall Breaking
 
OP show about throw stone but punched back
About use wall but stopped with thrown weapon
About transform but stopped
Call for help but looked with face by JK
JK back hug V hopeless face = Callback to MHA bad ending

Light walk to Rock to jump toward Muscle Dark, Dark take on long Rock smash to JK Muscle face. Light punched away POV ugh, and from back come Dark grab his head  
Ymir Jump/Eren Jump S4/Eren Titan Jump S2

Rock then throw Axe makes out from body, JM out from body too. Lift JK to left JK fight then smash to Rock, Jennie call and smash JM to Male door. Sudden BTS enterance.

JK walk to Rock to jump toward Muscle JM, JM take on long Rock smash to JK Muscle face 
JK punched away POV ugh, and from back come JM grab his head  
Ymir Jump/Eren Jump S4/Eren Titan Jump S2

Madara vs Guy run ready/Elsa Beach 
Wind... Speed! *Boros's Shot* down Lightning! *L Strike Sound*

Hit vs Vegeta/Accel vs Level4/CA WS vs IM/Bane vs Batman
Smash face out an eyeball

Quick Action: CA lift Mjolnir then smash Thanos
BB team with OP: throw Pan block by JK 

OP Face while BB & Lisa dancing BG 
BB downer dancing/hand move alot, Lisa hand upping dance 
 
Light open the thrown Boulder/IM CA3
Dark using his leftover as tricker, his small body actually ready to smash from side. Comes bleed'd Light. Light throw that Axe = Naruto Kyuubi throw Sasuke Susanoo blade crack island 

FPP Falcon throw Shield
CA Shield In back camera POV Throw the Pan, travel back and bounce over guys and pull the pan back to Jennie hand 
Quick Action: CA lift Mjolnir then smash Thanos
BB team with OP: throw Pan block by JK 

Obito's kick to Kakashi face
FMA Unactivated! -Double Voice- Heh? Punch!
Doing again with Enemy hand but last part do by self only FMA Activated
Enemy gonna but kick till hit face
*Tiktik* late, must repeat Activaction pose

Levi Kenny/Jon
Block and Rock wall, hit Glass
Fast/At End Each enterance sound BOOM SFX Boros Dash/Jotaro Punch/Kuzuki Fists

Sucker Punch Samurai fight 10M = Combo OP 3rd
HD execution time=No sunlight but Ice light "Shutdown the sun and your light"
Previous: Pet is solving problem if i suddenly loss connect to sun

using weapon=wear their shirt
Yeon Awaken skill=Anti sees OP 4th

GOW4 Baldur shake ground after buried=OP vs OP
Höðr smashes to wall, his eyemask cracked, he just destroy it all
1st POV: Front lift > 2nd POV from back=TAS throw > 3rd POV Travel POV from back-> hit OP > 4rd POV OP got pushed to wall. Höðr throw rock by Chain of Blade Chaos to stop Thor from transform. Reiner smash Attack titan to wall. Höðr kick him far to smash another wall
Saitama punch: Mosquito blood, clear rain

Feel the power of winter

Rain of Overpower: turn Blood->Dark=Explode
1st blood drop use it as soon=AOT transform
chained all BTS smash them to ground took off his original user and throw the transform body with chain and destroy it upper air
One water drop and keep flooding
Huge POV when Cloud is raining only 1 place hit
BBs vs OP=Many vs One big monster: NS Momoshiki/ SAO M1/ DBS E131/ AOT Scout vs Reiner/ A3 A4 vs Thanos. Last showdown: BB vs OP 1st Keanu black short hair
Dark touch Overpower, turn his blood->Todoroki Ice=DNA bending
Zoom Blood DNA turn into Ice sparkle logo

IRL Actor bumps into Homelander, keep looking at him, Actor from smile to silented.

Most favorited by Odin:
1. Baldr-Karna
God of Sun candidates: Baldr, Höðr, Karna

Once the trickster and troublemaker

a routine of asgard army is they throw weapon to the Unharmable.
"brother can we have weapon throwing as part of your leader of Vanir day." Baldr nods.

Höðr keeps stopping Thor to calls Mjörnir.
Thor calls Mjörnir *snap* *snap*, Mjörnir goes to his way, it passed him, Thor shocked and looks back, it's catched by Höðr.
Höðr has striped Thor's right gauntlet.

"nikmat mana yang kau dustakan"
"Bapa" "Ayahanda"

"I am bad at remembering dead people's titles."

Höðr takes off Baldr right eye
Baldr beautiful orange yellow blood turns into gloomly dark color. His right eye turns red and bleeding black blood.
"you were my friend, Judas, from this day I curse you, none will help you, you will never found peace, my blood will haunt till your last day!" FZ Lancer.
"let me ends it, Morgan!" Arthur pulls Frigg away.
"don't Arthur, there's still a chance!"
Arthur chop Baldr head off, kills him instantly.
"not only eyes but your logic are all blind, you low life!" Arthur insult Höðr.

Kiana looked towards you, determined and gene
A familiar voice and expression. Time has left it's mark behind but memories of the past were still so vivid

"Lay down your weapon!"
"Your brother who is false, Isa."
"Surrender and i'll hear those."

Absolute Hunt: Brahmastra, Hercules, Kratos
Arthur & Merlin build Tables to protect: Lancelot, Buddha
"i'm your vision hunt target, Hera."
"let's wash away the past, now we work together."

"since you don't need it, brother, i'll take those powers!" Judas shot the arrow.

Hercules gives back Chaos Blade by pushing it to Ares stomach "you can keep it little longer."

Chessy dialog
"oh you've finally embrace that power, come and join us. imagine how many world we conquer, doesnt it excite you?"
"I will not become fallen god."
"do you even hear yourself? the power has blinded you."