"my prince, bath yourself by the sun, raise it from the west."

Meeting laying down weapon
Thor placing Mjornir produce loud noise, Moses turn Trident into snake, Hades put off Helmet of Hell
 
"It may be good for the Table." 
"Betrayal isn't what Table are."

it means you're not got enough at art to not be put on a room over this
weak dialog "unlike "other chara name" i am like this" = it's viewer's job

"I hold Christ's power now, father, I'm more worthy than Thor."
"...LOW LIFE!"
"people who are gifted aren't worthy to judge me. Take off your sword and what are you, Freyr, i earn everything i achieve!"

"Kunti can gives birth avatar of gods she chose. She birthed avatar of me, Krishna."

"I surrender my heir, i chose to live with my people not rule in heaven."
"isn't Baldr so kind, he walks so all of you can run. He let men have a wife even though he can have all the women."

"I'm also a god!"

"Allfather blessed us by giving owner of Brahmastra, "" for Demons first born."
Arjun who holds it.
"And Karna..." Karna looks to Satan, "you're marrying Meonidas."
"why do we need to keep Odin's dumb tradition making you marrying your sister?"
"CAUSE YOU'RE A DEMIGOD! one percent more human and you be useless! i dare you to insult your father and his father before one more time. I'm Odin's first born son, i supposed to be proudest but it was Zeus. Odin chose me Lord of Underworld to dispose me, i believe. I will prove him wrong by make you all my children better!"

GOT=Karna Arjun at shooting range
"hm, Kunti's blood serves you both well."
"i'll start." Kunti loss her archery skills.
Arjun the one who holds Brahmastra.
"as first born i must be the one hold the record." Karna.
"Cut your thumbnail, son." 
Hades throw knife. Arjun ready to catch, but catched by Karna first.
"Let me cut it."
"Huh!"
Karna walks towards Arjun. Arjun takes the knife.
"I trust your decision, father."
"thank you, son."
Arjun takes deep breath then cut off his thumbnail. Kunti bandage his hand.

"father i wish for equality, Karna reached far cause of my disability, now I'm the one holds Brahmastra."
"what you demands."
"Karna must cut his finger!"
"if Antichrist loss his archery then i'll be the one holds Brahmastra." from outside court table Höðr.
"have my Vajra Aindrastra and be done with it."
"so many divines weapon but a terrible skill you have!"

"to start this great time i'll announce name of first born child of Thor and Hera is "Magni." Odin said.
"as expected, Magni birthed with new god position, the God of War."
Ares keep looking while Odin snap call Mjörnir, Ares curious, then try snap call Mjörnir, snap not make correct noise, try again
"uh!"
"haha, you can't son."
finally a snap sound succeeded.
"not now, Thor!"
Odin thought Thor called Mjörnir but it's Ares who wield it.
"hah..."
everyone silented by little Ares
"God of War must've gives him amount of power to lift it."

"do not whistle me, I am not your dog."
"what you in return to be one? power? my god of war?"

Ares boiled Lancelot blood so hard. Höðr listening nears them.

"Father, i've develop super hearing."
"good job, father cripple his ears now!"
"what?"
"very well, Höðr, i consider you, said it."
"i demand heir by combat."
"don't speak killing your brother so easy, Höðr!" Baldr.
"easy to say for most favorited son."
"i'm your lord and savior!" Baldr turns Thor wine to water and purificating him, "brother, Höðr is lost from save, i can only ask you, win and to hold heir you don't have to kill Höðr.'
known information so far:
Höðr's ability:
- Angel bloodline: Super Hearing
Baldr's ability:
- Christ: water-wine manipulation

「Blood of the Unharmable」

"i know you consider sons are replaceable, but you must not allow this!"
"wrong, you and Thor are irreplaceable thus make rest of your sentence wrong."

"you killed Loki and chose Thor?!"
Joffrey & murders/Homelander & public 10M
"what happen with Army?"
"they think can take us down."
"someone insults and you threaten them?!"
"i will do whatever the fuck i can!"

known information so far:
Odin's ability:
Title: King of Gods
- Blade of Olympus: rules all Gods positions: neutralize Baldr Supernova, Thor Thunderstorm

"First Order what's the deal?"
"daughter can you shut your mouth?"
"sorry father, I'm just asking."
"and stupid questions exist, don't speak it."

Guardian of Midgard, Thor and King of Gods, Zeus are the same entity.

"father?"
"you have Baldr's blessing, Thor have mine."
team up=Höðr get holds Blade of Chaos
Höðr supporters, Angels House starts chorus, Odin eyelasers them. "Hah!"
Blade of Olympus thrown away, Thor run towards, in seconds a dark aura quickly passed him.
"Slow ass!"
"Tch!"
Odin throw Mjörnir to retrive the blade. Höðr frooze around the blade, then Odin callback Mjörnir but... it's stopped by a hold, hold by Höðr, the golden gauntlet is on him. Thor check, his right gauntlet is gone.
Thor takes the blade, Höðr outpower him with Blade of Chaos and Mjörnir.
"I, Odin Allfather, strips every holdings Ares have!"
Blade of Chaos becomes useless.

from sunlight Baldr... "Sunlight Supernova!" create a giant star blows it up creating a Black Hole.

Höðr holds control over solar system, first he shutdown the sun, it takes 8 minutes before entire world is dark, thus second he shutdown entire light, third light from arena fire.

Höðr run forward back attacking Thor, a sun blast hit arena ground smashed both Höðr, Thor, a person inside the blast, Baldr, release another two sun blast to them, Höðr and Thor attack back but easily outpowered both smashed to wall. Baldr cover with cloth and takes Víðarr body.

Baldr give God of Sun to Höðr, the mini Sun now hold by Höðr.
Thor throw lightning.
Höðr shutdown sun and take out all light in solar system, put the arena into night, a light shows it's Thor lightning goes fast to Höðr, Höðr use night' cold to freeze the lightning turns it into his weapon thrown to Thor.
"show yourself, coward!"
"hide yourself, idiot!"
"impressive all of your elements are pathetic."
"there's more actually!" "Ice Land!"
"Sunfire!"
Höðr shutdown sunlight, light around solar system and light in arena.
Thor smash Höðr to wall, light in arena back, Höðr shows fallen wings and fly, "damn." Thor can only see, Freya and Baldr suprised, Höðr can shutdown light again.
Höðr absolutely upperhand, hit by Olympus Blade.
hand-to-hand: Kakashi vs Obito call Chains & blade

"you think you can just come here and leave? show me your true nature, you're a destroyer like me!"
"Nonsense!"
"don't you hate can't feel anything?"
"I am a savior, I have no desire!"
"i wonder for how long?!"

Blade of Olympus easily outpower Black Hole, Höðr shutdown light, Thor in one slash neutralize the darkness smash Höðr to wall, in one blink Thor hit him by sword, Höðr push sword back from neutralize all his godly power. 

"any last word, brother?"
"ARES... defeat my enemy and my soul is yours!"

"wise decision, my sword, now you possess the power of War God."
Höðr his skinny body now grow muscle and he feels tremendous power flows.

"Give up!"
Höðr throw Blade of Chaos to sky, "what." it keeps goes and hit surface of the moon.
"Hiah!" Höðr move the moon covering the sun and destroy each light source in arena with Blades. Solar eclipse "round two, God of Thunder!"

Freya rush towards Höðr, Odin throw Mjörnir to Freya, it's enchantment binds her to wall.
"Submit!"
"i rather die!"

"surrender!"
Odin comes down "why isn't he dead? are you talking? you don't talk, you destroy at my command!"
"I thought family comes first?!"
"you don't questions life! are you sober? who changes Thor's drink?!"
Baldr takes off Gungnir from Freya.
"it's Thor and Höðr fight, Allfather, you can't intervene!"
"you---" Baldr shows Gungnir shutted Odin, throw it to Odin, Odin leaves.
"I, Freya, leader of Vanir declare Höðr surrender! my boy..."
"i need a better dog."
from out screen Ares takes Blade of Chaos

Thor creepy boyfriend: kill previous ex, hardcore roman
Hera=her beauty is worth God position

"wear those insult as title."
"fallen and second twin, I am!" Judas shot the arrow
Judas shot, "Christ" "Judas" Christ didn't felt the arrow hit but Mistletoe clearly killing him. "you'll be a great leader!" "than---" Christ exhale his last breath without knowing he killed by Judas during his heir walks, shock everyone. Lucifer happiness see.
"Höðr!" Odin wakes from his Throne mad calls Sword Vali slice, stabs Höðr many times. Frigg heals Höðr. "father." Höðr walks past them with no remorse of what happen. "I, Höðr of Vanir, swore tobe heir for house of Vanir." "and as father asked, i'll combine Baldr power to mine."
"sit on that chair and you'll made Asgard your enemy!"
Odin take over Mjörnir from Thor, Mjörnir take all his godly power.

"by become heir of Vanir i promise..."
in the name of Thor Thunderstorm, King of Gods, Lord of Olympus, I, Odin Allfather, King of Humanity..."
"i'll reach Baldr's the one god level, Planet Busting manipulation!"
"no Odin, stops him!" the two brothers lays their hand off. Freya run to tries stop but pushed back by the two brothers.
"Lord of Three Kingdom, God of Thunder exiles Höðr Gargantua strips him of every god positions, claims of organs and mark him, as enemy of Asgard and all Supers."
"I," Judas tremble in fear, "Höðr of Vanir by being heir, i'll have claim as King of Warrior."
"Gods on my mark!"
"Judas leave this kingdom!"
Freya take Judas runs to another Kingdom, Lucifer see the Bifrost, smirk "Let the Bifrost in!" letting the mother and son in.
"Lord Satan." Lucifer inform.
Satan who sitting on Demon Lord throne, "you really are a reliable Demon Lord commander, Lucifer, Hell will conquer the Heaven!"
Satan, Lucifer in same room, both feel ordered "you as well?"
"King of Humanity ordered all RNAs." Lucifer realize what it mean, talks while running, outside see a Bifrost, smiles. "let the Bifrost in!"

Odin damaged one of wings, eyelaser both=Eternals
Judas out his wings, Freya use Bifrost again.
Robert Mad="run back to your brother, Frigg, i'll put your entire parasite family's head on a spike!" screams while eyelaser the walls. Odin eyes bleeding.
the laser still follows Judas, Lucifer attacks, laser swoop and hit Judas wings.
"good job, Herc!"
"hah!" Lance angry.
"hehe." Arthur feel wrong, "what name you like me to call? from your mother maybe?"
"Kratos."

"Mordred." Arthur unsheathing his sword and go towards Odin, Lancelot smash him to ground through head, "you fucking idiot!"
Arthur vs Mordred

"we really appreciate your help, Poseidon." Hera.
"i'll give as much i have, show those who dirting gods houses." Moses.

"Mistletoe is your weakness!" Kratos put fear on gods who never feel one cause of his immortality, Baldr silented.

the real Odin only have one eye. That Odin comes from Norse Pantheon.
"Arthur, I comes from far land of Spartan. In this world i birthed as Lancelot."
Odin have called back Mjörnir, "i have kill many who deserve and many who doesn't." and he hears a conversation between Lancelot and Arthur.
"I have killed the Olympians and Æsir gods and out all of them, Cronos and Odin in this world isn't what i know. My real name is Kratos."
Odin silented.

"if the gods denies..." everyone stop.
Kratos torture kills Michael, painless kill Freya, Kratos spare Lucifer, "what you want, Æsir?"
"Arthur!" Lance goes.
"letting rage take over, how amateur."
Herc shows behind Judas bathed in light red blood.
Arthur grave "Sir Lancelot."
"you hold it, Sir Bedivere, I can't protect my king, i don't deserve his glory."
"as you command, my lord, i'll serve as your sword, king kratos!"
"king kratos!" all round tables chant.
"quick, we have a war achievement meeting."

winning Britain
"don't serve the wrong side, Britain, I'm second born of Odin, rightful heir to Æsir more than Thor Thunderstorm."

Karna, Arjun summoned
"i'll make Kamarupa hold Heilheim."
"why not yours?"
"then all gods can use Hell Realm."

Höðr wear Helmet of Hell.
Höðr shot Baldr brain, kills him instantly, Freya tries to heal.
as soon land, Höðr body destroyed by Bifrost speed, Freya heals him.
"good job for starting Ragnarok, Judas, now Angels fight for Hell."
"uncle you---"
Freya let out sigh, "it was Lucifer idea to kill Christ, hm." put Judas in mad and quick walking to court, kills some demons. a sinners comes, "i let live, i heal, I'm your true lord and savior!"
"exorcising a prince, i sentence you to die!"
"watch your tongue in front your worst enemy!"
"bullshit, Christ die!"
"i demand a sins position for Angel house!"
"as Christ' avatar you has his title, most handsome man in white, you also have?"
"yes, an evil twin."
"hi there, father."
"my avatar, name?"
"Sahadev, most handsome man in black."

"Antichrist... bow that bleed 「Unharmable」, takes his absolute, Longinus... and holds Sun God."
"bath yourself by the sun, enter battlefield at 12 o'clock." Light enterance=Karna 
"wait me finish, coward!"
Thor on bridge dying of poison, an antidote lay in front. "surrender your army."
"give your armors..."
"you don't fit speaking like Odin, Indra, but i might consider..."
"right, all i know is destruction."
"i always want to fight Baldr."
