DB Tenkaichi OP: 7 Kings Weapon falls to Nine Realms, each Kings pulls it.

"for what price is today, husband?"
"House Olympians's followers declare war, we can hold their land and show the gods our glory."
"when will you stop?"
"until Spartan conquer everything."
wife comes put hand on Kratos "this can backfire to yourself and us."
"that only applied to loss side and Spartan never loss!"
how suprise the Spartans was when they sees the gods themselves who stands against them.

"no more losing absolute!" Odin takes Thor Sky eye.
"welcome to my court, Protector of Midgard." gives to Mimir.
Mimir put it while lift his head, unclotch hoodie.
"how about also gave him King of Gods, father, so i can settle it now."
"whoever tremble at Isa's power should at mine also."
"barangsiapa..."
"hah!" 
"enough! grateful for new comrade."
"i am happy you acknowledge me, and you must also towards Arthur sword and Lancelot who can lift Mjornir."
"i know, do not teach me about powers, i know it better!"
Britain enter court & sitting court scene
Odin very disturbed by Lancelot presence.
"lifting an enchantment seems disturb it's owner so much." Lancelot.
"i propose death sentence to the false messiah, Dajjal."
"my nephew is innocent, Muslim, Pandavas are under Hades's order." Apollo.
"correct, Satan trust on his son's Messiah level. Dajjal's death will be Isa's goal."
"this outsider proposing to kill our family."
"your loyalty to Allah is questionable by not attending Al-Masih's coronation." 
"my house has it's own duty at time."

Odin hallucinating there's Kratos
"a prophecy."
"Kratos escaped, did Loki realized my intent? sent Hell letter kept Kratos in Underworld and i will forgive all their sins and give all their deserved glory
"Allfather sent a letter asking about Kratos in Underworld."
"the mortal will still locked forever."
"father, I'm ready for 2nd fight." Hades raises hand for disagreement.
"i can't live knowing there's random mortal defeat me during not my primal condition."

Kratos cut Muhammad head, Arthur revives by Excalibur. "I, Arthur, King of Knight, for your treasonous act i seal you on this tree for eternity."
"i'll take Sky' eye." Hades can't
"our power is enough."
"you know i have son of huge messiah."
Arthur unsheathed Excalibur.
"Lance, what spell did Odin cast?"
"not even Thor's hammer can release his body."
"i take it back, Arthur, you can stop!"
"not even the rightful king able to releases every part of your body, Merlin."
"hih, you moron!" Hades.

Odin can't use Mjornir & Gungnir
"nice trick, Spartan are known for their trick and cowardly defeat their enemies."
Kratos sheated both weapon. hand-to-hand.
while Odin chant, Kratos scream 
"preventing prophecy can't stop me, hands of death can't holds me, and this spell will not seal me!"
Odin kills Kratos "I, Odin Allfather--" Blade of Chaos pull Mjornir, it's Ares.
"no matter what universe, you truly are worthless child!"
together to underworld: Blade of Chaos strap to his soul
Kratos and Zeus in Underworld
Kratos got pushed back by Underworld. "so, who's the laughing stock now, Spartan?"
Zeus takes one of Chaos Blade still chained to Kratos's arm.
"who could expect i got help from Ares, i have to say happy to meet you again."
"the pleasure is mine, Zeus."
"put aside our petty hatred, together we can escape!"
"you will be more helpful by giving back the blade."
Zeus blood spilled on Kratos "I thought only my child who--"
"be seeing ya." Zeus throw back the blade and falls to cliff by his back
Lancelot vs Heimdall
"the only thing you can be drawing is your last breath!"

Kratos (P-033) vs (P-112)
"i must see my home."
"after defeating Spartan, Allfather gave this land to Britain."
Kratos attacking the tables. 
Lancelot takes one of blade, pull Kratos to him and smash him with shield.
"Commander Lancelot."
"everyone stand back!"
"mind reading huh?"
"correct, you had no chance, Kratos son of ..., you should quit and live your life, vengeance bring nothing but regret."
"the cycle must end."
Lancelot broke Kratos neck instantly kills him
Kratos sent to underworld quickly brokes out, in just seconds Kratos back alive.
"no mercy on yourself." Arthur back, a neck crack noise heared.
"Death can have me when it earns me!"
"i demonstrate reason to seal this man."
"whoever worthy as a king should holds the power of Excalibur." Arthur throw Excalibur to Lancelot. "seal him, Lancelot!"
Ares claps "how is it, Arthur? is my warrior there worthy to join the tables?"
"Lord Ares, is Odin orders to have Spartan back?"

"regret it, wash it away, no matter where you are, what Pantheon it be, you will always be, God of War." ~Athena quotes
Blade of Chaose turns into dust on Kratos skin. "two can't exist together, weapons, myself based of this Pantheon version of me."

King Oddysey/Danish king Hrolf Kraki's Skofnung Unhealable sword 
/King Hogni's Dainslief can't sheated before kill, even scratch result death
Tendon/Vidar’s Shoes
simple: Heimdall Hofund sword
Gjallarhorn

Athena (P-01/P-04)/Thurd
"Athena invite us for a meeting."
"the war goddess of pantheon-112 didn't help Hercules on his labour resulting on his death, she comes from other Pantheon."
"every being you mention Pantheon traveled are either god or goddess of war."
"hmm." Kratos just realized.
"Hercules? how you still alive?" Athena act suprise.
"Omnipresent and Undominateable, how threatening, Athena."
"eh, don't just straight to point, you think I'm also not from this land, Spartan?"
"what to discuss, lady Athena?"

"put the hammer down for a moment."
"what's wrong?"

Leviathan blast and thrown "ignoring a Trinity, you got some nerve."
"how's your mother?"
"taunting me?"
"what?"
"yes, she died, have a laugh!" throw Leviathan.
Kratos calls it back. "your absolute ability huh."

"Odin your small world..."
Odin chokes Krishna
"one more word comes out of that mouth---"
"one more word comes out of that mouth---"
Another Krishna shows on another place "how pity."

Zeus death >
Karna transform from his back a bigger transform "challeging us, demons, the gods of Olympus?!" Titan Poseidon attacks Ouroboros and makes Karna out from it. 
Trident hit Jormugandr to wall, lightning to makes Karna out, with left hand Poseidon create a wave and smash it down to Karna. "without divine armor, you're nothing!"
"Seas didn't washed me, God, it fuels me!" shot arrow to Titan chest and takes out Poseidon, fly to his body and smash to wall, hand-to-hand.
Poseidon snakes bites Karna neck, instantly died from Karna poisonous blood. Karna takes the snake, tears up it's mouth and drink it's venom.
"Sky can't shakes me off, what makes the lower Sea can?"
"what are you without Sea?"
"Antichrist you're an Olympians think about the cause!" Karna destroy Sea God position.
"you fool now the humanity doomed, it takes years to make another moon."
"out of the lives to concern about, Poseidon, you should prioritize your own."
"why i should?"
"wha-how?"
"Pashupatra!" Poseidon
"I am Storm, I devour everything! no armor can prevent your death from this!"
Poseidon's number shifted from 6 to 2, Karna 2 to 3.
"I on purposely losing our battle."
"Is that how you convince yourself you're not a weak god?"
"Storm, I am Ragnarok!" Surtr.
Emiya can't copy Gilgamesh "you can't devour the devour of all realms."
"Surrender your Titan form!"
Blade of Olympus turns into Excalibur.
"The cover son, not the sword." Poseidon healed.
"shall we continue?" Excalibur turns to Mjornir.
"fulfill your destiny Surtr, I will handle them."
"Mjornir with baby wheels on can't hurt me, dumbass!"
"right, I asked strongest weapon."
"you never touches weapon for more than 5 seconds." a chain sealed Karna hand. 
"we're gods, cousin not warriors, Realms Expansion: Nine Enchanted Weapon!" another chain sealed Karna other hand. "we didn't waste years to master a weapon" five more of chains sealed Karna, it's Blade of Chaos. 
"you're a god huh?" Karna force standing, Blades bleeding Karna bodies.
"Shield!" Gilgamesh.
"Just not as high as me! Supernova!"
"do we need Surtr?"
"yes. I, Hades Hellfire, Demon Lord, God of Underworld release you, Karna Surpernova from the depth of hell."
Odin ties Olympus Blade and Gungnir and throw it to Karna.
Everything turns dark, "Karna dies my lord."
Karna stands in front Gilgamesh, his entire body covered by fire, still half bones and meat not covered by skin.
"that's where we different, uncle, Sun didn't gone it becomes new energy!" 
Black Hole born, Hòdr rank 2.

Hades keep attack "you can stop your worthless attempt."
another ice attack "i didn't raise you this dumb---" Odin hit.

Soundtrack: Rage of Spartan 1:21 > God of War 4:00
"Sir Lancelot."
"you'll spill no more tables blood today."
"my warrior here has defeated entire Ragnarok himself."
"if you keep your way of living, you cannot protect anyone, you destroy anything you touch."
"Silence!" Kratos attack but blocked and countered.
"Angers is your enemy they makes your movement easy to read, make them your comrade."
Kratos keep resisting to get killed by head switch, thus Lancelot kill him by taking his head off.
"I, Arthur Pendragon, King of Knights heals you!" King Arthur arrived and quickly heal all the injured.
Kratos damaged head healed.
"demonstrating reason to seal."
"takes off his weapon?"
"Chaos Blade planted to his soul."
"Lord Ares if this isn't Odin's order may we talk this out?" Ares listening. "Lord Kratos, we didn't rules over the Spartan homeland, we take care of it after Odin's attack."

"you send this against a god?"
"insolent child, i tolerate you no more!"
Zeus out from Underworld, Ares's rank drop by 1, Odin quickly looks at Kratos, reviving.

Odin raise hand, act cowards
"return Atreus, or you may meet the god i once was."

"King of Atlantis has arrived!"
"Poseidon!"
"where's Osiris?"
"Loki said he'll be late, preparing a big gift."

Blade of Chaos ability: 
Hades's Claw: Soul Manipulation
Surtr's Sword: Enternal Fire

Mom & Son: Höðr eating there's noda "eat calmly, sweetheart." Frigg wiping it.
"not here, mother." pushing her hand back.

Höðr attacks Karna "number 2 isn't keeping you save from my speed!"
"Odin has killed Frigg."
"Gih, what are those Vanir doing?!"
"lay down your weapon and together with Vanir we can end Odin's reign." 
"free Frigg from Underworld!"
"what you'll give in return, brother?"

Zeus 8 circle of drum
"how suprising, if we discard Odin, I'm the strongest in all Nine Realms."
"if all Olympians died, then i will also be."

Karna Titan "come!"
"son what are you doing?!"
"they're just children, father."

first show up, Karna hit on body
when retransform armor he grow body first, Karna hit on eye
next transform he grow face first

Aphrodite Ares, Apollo gift love to Trojan Paris kidnap Helen 

Ares vs Athena's Diomedes: commander 80 ships
Apollo ordered Heracles to kill Ares's son, Cynus and Ascalaphus killed by Trojans, Ares side with Greeks
"You're a Sparta huh, no wonder you seek my help."
"Yes, you were our savior."

"Earth has been overpopulated we can use Trojan War to depopulate them. I can't believe would use Thor's crazy idea." Odin.
Achilles spear hit Telephus and only healed by the spear
Achilles kill Apollo's son, Tenes
Achilles' son, Neoptolemus kill Priam

destroyed Poseidon keeps run toward Karna
"should've used those last energy to run backward." Karna smash Poseidon.

"Titan form!"
Karna and Arjun transforming, Zeus throw the blade as strong he can pulls Kratos up towards Karna, Zeus throw lightning bolt to Arjun.
Zeus kills Karna, Kratos about to kill Arjun, a bolt hit him, "no need killing him, let's go!"

Jotnar: Fire Giant, Giant
Ragnarok
Olympians of Asgard vs Olympians of Helheim
Olympians of Alfheim     Fire Giants
Vanir
Oceanus

Lancelot/King Śuddhodana
Galahad Holy Grail/Gautama Siddhartha Enlightment
2nd Circle: 5 Golden
3rd Circle: 4 Red aura
4th Circle: 3 Blue

"time to show them the third commander of table."
"weapon? all i have are divine fist!"
Guy = Buddha Enlightenment! 10 > 5

"Since Heimdall is dead, someone must plays his role." Loki hit the Gjallhorn

"Do you have any idea why Odin attacks Spartan."
"What else driving Cronos beside fear of overthrown, and as he wishes i will ends Olympus's reign."

"Your face can make a fine horse trail."

Gravity>Black Hole

broken Thor
a bearded big man sees Kratos, stands from his chair and walk back, "keep patroling!"
Kratos follows him, "hey, hey! commander of round table orders you to stop!"
"it's been ten years huh, bringing your head might satisfy Allfather... haha."
"what you wanna know from me, son?"
"what's this? starting new life?"
"sort of."
"everyone leave this immediate area now! i must inform my king, there's a god in here." Thor laugh.
"my lord, there seem to be misunderstand, my husband is owner of this pub, one day he strucks by lightning that's why he can create electric particles." Sif.
"it's all right, honey." Thor stands, "i can't let you comeback alive then." Thor snaps, his daughter brings a hammer, "thanks sweetheart." 
"you have a family?"
"you're not from this land, i met other version of you, if he still dumb enough to fight Odin he must been sealed now."
"Sir Lancelot!"
"while on Midgard, you have my eyes, Zeus."
"hey, you dirtied my shop reputation what you gonna do?"
"make a announcement of false accusations, i will repay for unpaid dishes."
"may you explain, Thor?"
"everything he said is the truth, i once told you."
"you really are Thor, God of Sky?"
"woah, daddy, do i have godly power?" 
"yes, you have a lot!"
Loki
"woah, today sure is a lot coming."
"owner, a customer want you meet you."
"well, well, Lancelot visits this random pub monthly put me curious, who could've thought?"
"leave... now!"
"hey, i bring many fellas here." Thor got panicked.
"all of you... leave!"
"Lord Hades, please leave us, we wouldn't be in your way."
"there's no retiring god, my dear sister, this will haunt him till his ends."
"take Thrud and hide!"
"you must too, you can't fight all of them right?"
"i'm the strongest god, woman."
"you look fine with that eyepatch." Antichrist stop wearing eyepatch.
"true, you better run!" Karna
"I don't run, i strikes!"
"you can't cause ruckus on pub protected by the tables, sir"
Loki pissed but change to laugh it off.
"and who are you, low class knight, finding your family is easy for me." 
"My name is Sir Balin de Savage and you can never hurt those protected by tables."
"you're not just will goes through painful death, i will torture your soul for eternal in Tartarus."
"i will die on battle and as my king promised, Avalon is where i belong."
"yes you will die, you can leave and meet your family!"
"accepting defeat will only boost your ego, you narcissist."
"you're standing in front of the Apocalypse who ruined Heaven."
"even hundred wars it comes, Round Table will always remain victorious."
"where are they now? meanwhile us, full army."
"that's the reason Demons will remain lose, the Table is not an army, it's symbol."
"how am i losing?"
"here i am, unarmed nor armored but the symbol gives two of us different feels, you fear and i will to fight."

"fear not everyone especially against those Demons, tables stands for us."
"thank you very much Sir Balin."
"Round Table will pay visit tomorrow."

Table second generation:
Galahad, Balin

"my sword is not a weapon neither a pendant, it's a symbol that all the tables and it's people are under my protection, Ex-Calibur!"

Spartans: laconicisms/one liner

Odin vs entire Ragnarok crew

"In the name of Thor Thunderstorm, Hòdr Gargantuan ans those who share his crime i sentence you to die."

"i have swear an oath, Arthur, do you want to dirt my name."
"is your oath enough to stop our blade from killing all of Olympians?"

"Faye?"
"ah, how jealous am i to Faye in your world able to live with you."
"no matter in what universe divided us, we will have a way to find each other."

ONK weak <Twist> strongest

a thunder noise
"is thunder noise trigger your bad memory?"
"hah, it's thunder who scares sun."
Odin arrived on Helheim alone using Mjornir
"I see a prophecy, Loki, death of all Olympians."
"yes by Ragnarok."
"your humor is not appropriateed right now, son!" Loki pissed, "a mortal currently in Hell named Kratos." Karna look at Hades.
"you mean the death of Æsir, Demons has Underworld."
"fine, let's use that naive think, keep the mortal lock and i will forgive all of your sins."

"hideous look but very useful, welcome to Underworld!"

Heaven/Elysium/Valhalla
Folkvang/Avalon: Frigg
Hell/Underworld/Helheim: Baldr, Kratos, Thor disagree Valhalla

"thus you got yourself a better Lancelot who wouldn't steal your wife." "hm?"

Loki's Arena Band, Calliope, Sacrifice Team: ready to die
"you seem to despise Arthur, i expect you two would close since you two has same ideology."
"then what makes me special if others can also does it."

"even Allfather can be killed."
"quit your delusions, he is who created everything."
"there's no concept creation can't conquer it's creator."

God of Kings Mjornir fly then Boboiboy Magma/Morax Ultimate/Gilgamesh

"Mistletoe and world serpent's venom, it will shread the Unharmable like a butter and kills him instantly."

you know Thor on verge dying cause he showing skin changing and coughing red blood like Baldr.