Clash of Titans/Ragnarok/Apocalypse/Qiyamah/Great Flood
Trojan War/Kurusektra/Norse: Eddaic=Myth, Skaldic=Kings

Odin kicking Loki, "more, more! look how hopeless you are!"

"since second commader has shown his true nature, perhaps the third one also wants too." Freya.
"Morgan, don't accu--"
"no, she's Omnibeing... Arthur, i comes from very land of Sparta."

"Hades of Wrath, your sin is mine!"

Odin throw Loki, "wo-ah, we only talk for many seconds."
"you realize you can't outsmart me, huh." 
"outpowering me isn't the way either!"
"bullshit Allfather, we--" Hades mouth bleed by Odin's eyelaser.
"a pet shouldn't have talk, just bark and listen to your owner."
"it's alright, my lord, these minor thing you can leave it to me, my prince, your blood."
"no, we will not listen Odin's word."
"but my lord---"
"you dare talking back to your lord, once a while you need to be disciplined, Lord Loki." Loki made his decision.
"Antichrist, isn't it pathetic that you feel fear towards Odin."
"which mouth just said that?"
Throne meeting
"you may leave, Lord Hand, your Lord has arrived."
"no, i want to sit longer."
"do i need to actually speak that you're not who control Underworld?"
"you want my throne, face me then, coward!"
"how scary, my lord."
"swore your loyalty to me or die!"
"you think threatening me, i wouldn't be God of Underworld to just scares by death."
"you fool, we die together, bitch!" Hades smiles on his death till he sees Loki in front of him smiling, Karna gives last blow.
"behold! your new Demon Lord, Antichrist Supernova!"
"Lady Persephone, forget everything you just---"
"you can't scares me, i will tell mother everything, uncle Baldr and now my husband, i anticipating what Allfather will punish you with!"
Loki push Leviathan under blade almost hit Persephone neck.
"i can disguise myself as you every spring, half a year for the rest of my life but you, no, you wouldn't die, i will put you on every agony the Nine Realms could offers."
"i thought this all for you." Surtr.
"i still prefer my head to be attached to my body not Odin's spear."
"and now the boy is highest position."
"you think throne gives them power? 
"no, i think army gives you power."
"correct."
"what's exactly your goal, Loki, i don't sense greed towards your action."
"beautiful is it, seeing the mighty gods falls to such a chaos."
"all of these effort to gain Allfather throne to just cause trouble to the gods."

Persephone Escape
"hear me brave knight who loyals to God of Underworld! assist me return to Asgard i promise every fortune all of nine realms can offers for you, i hide Bifrost in my room, let us bring justice in the name of Hades Hellfire to the false demons, Loki Icestorm."
Loki kills Persephone but he teleported to Demeter's room. 
"Loki?"
"Lady Persephone brings you a gift, Lady Amaterasu, a vase." Persephone head.
"how unsual?"
"she seems can't wait till Summer."
"leave it there and wait, bring this to Persephone."
Loki turns blood into water.
"forgive me, some water spilled on my clothes during departure."

Zeus x Leda: Helen
Thetis/Frigg she has prophecy that Baldr will die she asked all weapons to bow and Achilles will die she bathed Achilles on Sea of Styx, Achilles immortal besides heels

5] Zeus x Mnemosyne:
sign comes on Muses Calliope RNA and they start singing, comes man on hoodie, Hodr.

Zeus/Ban King of Benoic x Elaine of Benoic: Sir Hector de Maris, Lancelot x Elaine of Corbenic: Galahad
Ban' brother: Bors Elder King of Gaunnes: Sir Bors

War in Heaven: Hades, Loki, Poseidon banishment

"may the god Apollo and Artemis blees this shot, Realm Expansion: Pashupatastra!"
"shield!" 
"not enough, Realm Expansion: Avalon!"
"Rain of Arrow that didn't hit comrade, huh."
"impressive right? and I'm one level ahead of him as an archer."

"Mjornir once stolen by a giant and loss majority of it's ability, ..., then he call himself God of Space." Teleportation

"get ready to lock someone!" Loki to Karna before gathering.
"stay up everyone, Odin gonna shot!" Loki aware Frigg.

"Solar Expansion!" Hodr blinds everyone.
Hodr lift Odin head while his eye busted, "i see your intention now, father, to make not have such weakness as a god."

Deadpool/Deathstroke/AOT = Baldr, Excalibur

"Judas, Antichrist leave your Circle and assist Minotaur!"
"Arjun leave second Circle and assist!"
Fifth Circle "let's get out, brother!" "not yet."
"i who started this and i will end the Apocalypse."

The Spheres of Heaven/Solar System
Seven Terraces of Purgatory/Seven Deadly Sins
Nine Circles of Hell
Lust: Minor
Gluttony: Cerberus
Greed: Demeter's son: Plutus
Wrath: Styx - Baldr
Heresy: Furies and Medusa
7th Violence: Minotaur - Kratos, Zeus
Fraud: Antichrist 
Treachery
Round 1: Cain Traitors to their Kindred, leader of Knight of Hell
Round 2: Antenor Trojan betrayed to Greeks Traitors to their Country
Round 3: Ptolemy Traitors to their Guests
Round 4: Judas Traitors to their Lords

"i can forgive your sins."
"just like Prometheus?"
"give Jotnar a nice homeland."
"so did Atlas!"
"a freedom."
"Tyr!" silents.
"powers."
"then kills him during his nap, Achilles." Loki stands, "you can't forgive, mortals must enter Hell to clean their soul, you hate when others didn't move the way you want it."
"every phrases you uttered in that same breath are lies"

"Lady Sif, there's no retiring god, right Thor?"
"kill your mother during her retirement, cry about it!"
"take Modi and Thrud and hide."

"Mordred agreed to serves the round table in return of protection." "he's my family, Lance."
"we were supposed to protect Mordred and Morgause during Ragnarok causing her death."

"if you really wish to have God of Sun, i have idea."
Amaterasu assassination 
"you look beautiful as usual, mother."
"ugh... let's just finish this!" Loki throw Persephone's Bifrost. 
"what's wrong Persephone, using front gate Bifrost?"
"Ah, Loki loss the Bifrost i gave him, mom, how annoying."
"Allfather currently injured, time for second wave."
"everyone may i have your time? thank you for always attending this celebration every summer and here's my gift Ragnarok second wave!"
"my lord, Baldr escap---"
"alright, we're returning!"
"no, continue the wave."
"wow, rare dumb move."
"Mistletoe---"
"Baldr die by Mistletoe, he's easy kill! backstabbing him and calling it a worthy kill."
"you just answer your own insult."
"how coincidence, of course it's you two who underestimated Christ, I'm leaving!"
Christ enterance
"i am the first and the last, i am your lord and savior!" all the demons died by purifications.
"Lord Christ back!" all the asgardians cheers.
"forgive me for the long wait, my people, but the sun will shine on us now."
big wings shows, Christ out from the Solar blast and land then floating.
"My light heals my allies and kills my enemies!"
"i who let it start, and i who will end this Apocalypse!"
"your lord order you to leave, he can reach Hell in matter of second, find way to close the access, i can only hold him for minutes."
"why you become cowards all of sudden?"
"cousin Fate seen my death is on Christ's hand... leave!"
"thanks, son!"
Loki and Hodr run to Bifrost.
"you can't kill your own blood, Christ!"
"and you have Blood Payment debt to pay!"
Christ just walked toward him and brokes Antichrist body structures. "do you mind shutting your holy power for a fair fight?"
"I, Demon Lord, declare all demons surrender and wish for forgiveness."
"forgiven! now accept my divine punishment!"
RNA notification appears as Antichrist then stop fighting, Baldr quickly put Excalibur on Antichrist chest.
"sorry mother."
"in the name of Freyr, King of Knight, I, Baldr Supernova, God of Sun seal you and not even the rightful king could release you!"
Loki impatiently waiting the call to be answered then it lost connection, "i shouldn't have called."
"what happen?"
"it's nothing!" Artemis tries.
"your father has been killed, Horus."
"Loki! not now."
Hel squated to be near Horus, "listen carefully to grandfather words."
"and it will be your duty to revenge him, as it's bloodline, only you who can kill Christ! until Horus comes to age, Hel will be King of Underworld. Horus will convert to Oceanid House, Judas ask Arthur to be Vanir House. I announce Demons break up, we will reassemble after stronger power rises!"
"if Asgard dare comes to Helheim, we will release every evil the Realms known from Hell to Midgard."

Odin and Muhammad
"Demeter will replace me at that moment." Odin stands and walks.
"Poseidon, i demand representative of yours while I'm out."
"during my quest, Hell will attack, sadly few gods must be sacrifice in hope my son release themselves from Underworld."

GND1 hair Baldr
GND2 hair Christ: 10y locked Hell

"Trimurti? Odin and his brothers huh?"
Trinity: Odin, Christ, Holy Spirit/Excalibur
Trinity of Greece: Zeus, Hades, Poseidon

"well well, the Pandavas, killing five siblings will be a good record."

"Death can't touch you!" Sisyphus Punishment: push rock over and over

Council of Godheads: Aesir, Ennead, Trinity, Trimurti, Dodekatheon: Leto, Athena, Hestia, Hermes
"King of Nine Realms invites you to Council of Godheads."
"very generous of him, only offering us after spitting on our faces."

Odin land on Helheim
"wrong Council sir, this is Stygian Council!"

"thanks for bothering comes here, uncle."
"no, i expect no one would dare to told you." all gods just silent.b
"Arthur! forgive me my lord, but i can't just stand." Merlin put on Mistletoe, transform it into liquid to put on his eyes.
"don't!"
Baldr waiting Odin comes home, Baldr attacks Odin, Odin just takes it. Baldr vs Merlin.
"how petty, Arthur, not brave enough to do it yourself?"
"oh, we will soon, enjoy your god seat, you will miss it."

Óðinn=Midgard, Aesir=King of Dwarf: Mótsognir
MCU Thor's Hela/Horror female hair=Hel

"I'm second line rightful heir to Underworld and yet you chose Hel, what else beside greed to explain that?" Arjun.
"Horus, Anubis, do not trust any word uncle Seth said and grandma he will control, always report to mother, i will meet you once a month."

"Susanoo! abducting my daughter, causing Havoc in Heaven, i should've known it will occured it again and punish you!"
"hah! cry baby like you can't win!"

"that will be the second time i tricked other and smash them with Mjornir, that fucking jotnar who stole my hammer."
"INDRA!!!"

Amaterasu land and ready to attack. "this maniac!"
"no need to bother, daughter, let there be no light!" Odin.

Aesir-Vanir hostage trade: Mimir, Hoenir-Frigg, Njord

"first weapon that damage the Unharmable, Longinus."