There are four kingdom, Heaven «Mt. Olympus», Hell, Atlantis and Earth. Heaven rules three realms, Asgard, Vanaheim and Midgard. Æsir travel from Asgard to Midgard where Round Table lives.

Ada empat kerajaan, Surga «Mt. Olympus», Neraka, Atlantis dan Bumi. Kerajaan Surga menguasai tiga alam, Asgard, Vanaheim, dan Midgard. Æsir melakukan perjalanan dari Asgard ke Midgard tempat Round Table tinggal.

Odin show hand sign, Heimdall give Asgard Bifrost to him. Odin made copy of it and gave to Arthur.

1st - Britain landing: Thor, Odin, Heimdall
"i'm a Vanir."
"i've seen all the outcomes and not once you fly."

"you haven't taste power of god!"
defeated "where is this god you said?"
"tch! not bad, taste my divine release."
defeated "heh... the god has divine release, so when he'll come?" got attacked "I'm asking."
"i give up, i'll lead your way." backing, walk "dumbass!" back attack but Kratos already throw his punch first.

Varis="my lady." "sis!" Arthur points to Mimir.
"Mimir you also present, still giving good advice for your king?" "of course, my lady."

Many days after Æsir comes to Britain. Sir Lancelot make report to Arthur.

"rain hasn't fall in three days may sound unimportant but knowing it must be Zeus's doing, we must move."
"get ready to Mt. Olympus."

"Arthur, I'm a demigod, Zeus's son, Hercules."
"i knew it... you can tell who are Greece gods, by how handsome they're... and very strong."

Arthur add different compliment since first one annoyed Lancelot. 

"woah?!"

Arthur's hand pulled by someone, thus Arthur's hand holding on nothing but that guy's hand. 

"by whose invitation?"

Arthur looks up and sees Guardian of Asgard, Heimdallr stands in front <Mt. Olympus> enterance. All the tables ready to engange.

"no movement!"
"do as he say...! Allfather, has chosen me as a Guardian."

"of course."

Heimdall feels annoyed by that answer but still 
pulls Arthur up to up ground, then drops his hand and blast him, Arthur quickly hold block and pull Heimdall to jurang by body weight, Heimdall wings smash Arthur to ground "not bad!" Heimdall lightsword his chest, Excalibur heals Arthur.

   Lancelot keep locking Heimdall hands, start attacking, "what's this?" attack again, "i feel pain?!" said Heimdall looking his blood on hand.
"stop using those moves!" "not this bullshit again." Gods


Baldr rushes attack, Baldr has tatoes that cover body, biggest Wings: TM Dark Matter/Dr Oc

"I, Odin Allfather, God of Sky, King of Nine Realms and Gods..."

   Odin throws Blade of Olympus towards Baldr take off every godly power he possess, Baldr tried pick it up but it's useless, he's weaken.

"...strips Baldr Supernova god positions!"
"Tch! Odin they killed Heimdall!"
"I charging their blood payment."

   Baldr so pissed at Odin, Lancelot comes and strangled him.

"i've found new eyes!" Baldr confused, "you can stop your pointless attempt damaging Baldr."

Kratos successfully broke Baldr neck, but then Baldr crack it back.

"I don't know Britain known for their chiropractic." Thor.

   Baldr confused and shocked by Odin actions then hatredly sees Lancelot.

"people that i fought never survived, i must remain true to my records."
"i survived."
"let's make it a fight then, Zeus!"

   said Lancelot to Thor mocking, Thor ready, Odin throw Mjörnir takes off Thor powers.

"who gave Heimdall supers?"
"he insisted."
"have some remorse, asshole!"

   answer Thor with smirk to Baldr questions made Baldr mad.

"i hope we can work together, Gawain."
Odin pulled Light's left eye off of Heimdall.

"you're now Guardian of Asgard."
"father you already have Heimdall why gave it to Arthur?"
"Kindness rooting your brain, brother, Allfather plans to get rid of Heimdall obviously."

"my lord rain never falls for two days." "very well."
Arthur doubtful taking the eyes, "rain never falls on Britain, Lord Odin."
"what? Thor."

"if Zeus was Sun God, he would've stole our fire."
"haha... who are you?"

Thor laugh at Lancelot's word and feel suprised like he can read his mind.

"Have Baldr's son as Round Table."
"Lord Arthur."
"Sir Percival."

"your eyes?"
"it's Thunder God' eyes!" Odin perform eyelaser, "as holder of Gungnir makes it unavoidable!" eyelaser that dive sharply hits bird.

known information so far:
God of Sky
- owner: Thor -> Heimdallr
God of Sun's eye: Microscopic, movement prediction 
- owner: Baldr, Heimdallr

Rank of most favorited by Odin:
1. Thor
2. Arthur
3. Heimdallr 
4. Höðr 

House Kamarupa
it's Lady married to Zeus birthed Apollo and Artemis.
"your smile always so pure, but smile doesn't always mean that, example smile of a dark lord."
"haha, looks evil."
"yes, you three better never talk, or even trust him since the day he ask our house secret, he's 100% write off."
"i don't have time for this." Höðr.
"Höðr!" Christ put hand on Frigg shoulder.
a man walks facing the bride, smile similar to what Frigg show, "good to see you, Artemis." the dark lord.
"you already married Hades."
"you sworn to remain virgin and i wish to remain faithful to my wife thus your child from god will benefit both of us."

Apollo disagree Hades "forgive me, lord Hades."
"i would've beat the fuck of you if said yes."
"hm?"
"you priorities house over it, good, if Hell loss please ask Allfather mercy for Artemis and her children."
"of course."